---
title: "I Am Love. When you truly love Me, I will flood your soul with more love and with this love, you will help Me to save the world. Your Jesus"
date: ""
slug: "i-am-love-when-you-truly-love-me-i-will-flood-your-soul-with-more-love-and-with-this-love-you-will-help-me-to-save-the-world-your-jesus"
excerpt: "Billions of people will enjoy a life of eternal glory in the Presence of God Sunday, November 24th, 2013 @ 16:45 My dearly beloved daughter, when I come to bring relief to humanity"
---

Billions of people will enjoy a life of eternal glory in the Presence of God
Sunday, November 24th, 2013 @ 16:45

My dearly beloved daughter, when I come to bring relief to humanity from the pain they have endured, because of their separation from God, they must all be thankful for this Great Mercy. Because of this, billions of people will enjoy a life of eternal glory in the Presence of God.
By this great Act of Mercy, I bring great news of the glorious Promise, when My Second Coming - to follow soon after The Warning - will complete God's Plan for His children. All souls will be given the Gift of My Mercy, but not all will accept it. Those who do not accept it will be given only a short time in which to decide what kind of life they want. They can choose one where they will live a full and perfect life in body and soul in My New Paradise or one without God. Those who understand what it is I Am offering must never reject such a Gift. Yet, those who will refuse Me, will be content to wallow in darkness, in the belief that it does not matter. What they do not know is that they will feel a terrible pain when they are finally separated from Me. They will find themselves in a pitch-black abyss, where they will see nothing. They will have nothing. All they will feel will be a raging fire that will tear through them like a sword, which they will have to endure for eternity.
Separation from God occurred when Lucifer tempted Adam and Eve through the sin of pride. The sin of pride is the root cause of all sin and one, which binds man to Satan. When I come to reclaim My Throne, this separation will be no more. Those who are for Me, with Me and in Me will join as one. But on the day when I finally come and when I will judge the world, those who have separated themselves from Me and who will continue to reject Me will experience the final ending where I will no longer be Present. Where I will not be able to offer them comfort. To draw them back. Then they will experience eternal pain and suffering with the beast and all his demons in the fires of Hell.
I do not want to frighten you, shock or cause you suffering, but so that you understand the consequences, I must tell you the Truth. So many of you do not believe in Hell. You do not believe in it, because you have been misled for so long. Heaven, Hell and Purgatory exist. On the final day, there will only exist two entities - the New Paradise when Heaven and Earth become one and the abyss that is Hell.
The Truth is hard to accept, but without knowing the Truth you cannot choose your destiny. Your Jesus

Mother of Salvation: The enemies of God will commit terrible sacrileges until they have desecrated the Tabernacles
Monday, November 25th, 2013 @ 17:25

My child, when my Son's Church is seized, the series of events, which will unfold will be exactly the same as that which occurred during His Crucifixion.
The noise will be deafening as enemies of God take over His Body and desecrate It. They will rejoice and shout great proclamations amid great applause for the imposters, who will be heard everywhere, for this will be an occasion that will win over many stubborn foes and former enemies of my Son's Church. Every new type of declaration as to the meaning of my Son's Holy Word will pour forth from its mouth. Every lie, cunningly camouflaged, so that it appears to make sense, will be used to entice God's children into this new renovated church. Every sin justified, so that more outsiders will be welcomed into the temples of God, until eventually complete confusion will be witnessed within its walls.
While they are tearing my Son's Church down, brick by brick, my Son's remnant will be forced to flee it. Every argument, every gesture and every defense, which those who remain loyal to my Son's Church present, will be dismissed. This will be a silent Crucifixion, just like that which my Son endured when He suffered with little more than a whimper. The voices of those who will continue to proclaim the Truth will receive no media coverage. No attention. Even if they do manage to make their voices heard, they will be demonized for doing so.
I urge all of those who love my Son and who understand that these signs were foretold, that they must continue to serve my Son. Many priests, instead of fighting for their faith, and remaining true to my Son, will walk away. Others will not give in and they will provide the Food of Life to all those who seek out my Son's True Presence.
The enemies of God will commit terrible sacrileges, until they have desecrated the Tabernacles. When they have achieved this, they will then prepare the throne upon which will sit the antichrist.
Pray, pray, pray that those of you who know the Truth will be able to offer comfort to those who will suffer greatly because of the greatest apostasy ever to devour the Church of my Son, Jesus Christ, unfolds before you.
My sorrow is great and my Heart is heavy, because of the wicked deceit, which will befall even those who love my Son dearly. Their suffering will be the greatest of all.
Your beloved Mother Mother of Salvation

Heaven will soon declare the final part of God's Great Plan to save humanity
Tuesday, November 26th, 2013 @ 12:53

My dearly beloved daughter, to all those who are persecuted in My Name, I want them to understand why this happens. Remember My death on the Cross and the suffering I endured was so that I could deliver mankind from slavery to the beast. Know that My Cross, when you find yourself having to carry it, is a very difficult burden. You will be hated, not just by the wicked, but also by holy people, who genuinely love Me, but who lack discernment, when you take up My Cross.
When you take up My Cross and carry out My Teachings you will be despised. When you take up My Cross, by proclaiming the Truth, which is contained within these Messages, you will be vilified and hated more than any other disciple of Mine who came before you. No other mission, since My death on the Cross, will compare to this, the very last one, sanctioned by My Father in Heaven. Were this not so, then it would be ignored. Instead, My Word will be heard in every corner of the Earth and by the Power of the Holy Spirit will be heard by all, including My enemies. No one will ignore My Word, because this cannot be. For when the Word of God is heard, no man, no matter the state of his soul, will fail to react to It in some way. Those who allow Me to reach into their hearts will be overcome with love for Me, but they will also be overwhelmed, as only the Voice of God is capable of drawing such a reaction.
Those of you who hear Me now must listen. Please accept the weight of My Cross, no matter how heavy your burden is, as a result. This Cross will exhaust you, but will yield the fruits of forgiveness for My enemies, whose souls I desire to save. Your persecution may be great, it may cause you grief and sorrow, but know that it is caused by the fact that this is My Work. My Work, when untainted, creates terrible suffering amongst those who respond to Me. Know, however, that your suffering will be short-lived and soon forgotten, as Heaven will soon declare the final part of God's Great Plan to save humanity. Then the world will be renewed and the Love of God will spread until the Will of God is completed.
Your Jesus

Pain, persecution, suffering, ridicule and mockery will always be the lot of those chosen souls of God
Friday, November 29th, 2013 @ 16:45

My dearly beloved daughter, when you question why I, Jesus Christ, would allow suffering in the world, then you should understand the Will of God. Many people suffer in the world and always have done so. Suffering is caused because of the fact that sin creates division amongst men. Sin separates man from God and as such, man will sin against man. I allow suffering because it brings souls closer to Me, through the purification which such souls endure. I do not delight in suffering. Instead, I Am Present in every single soul who has to endure pain and anguish. It is the Will of God that certain souls suffer more than others, because it will be through such victims that other souls, who are less deserving of My Mercy, can be saved.
I suffered willingly, during My Passion but My Pain and Humility defeated much of the power of Satan. Satan can never humble himself, because this is impossible. And so it is through humility, which ensues from the pain of suffering, that souls can dilute his power over others. Pain, persecution, suffering, ridicule and mockery will always be the lot of those chosen souls of God. Such souls are closest to Me and I will use this sacrifice of theirs to draw those other souls, who are most in need of My Mercy, into the refuge of salvation.
This lesson is very difficult for all of you who love Me and it may seem unfair. But know that suffering brings you even closer to Me and that it will yield for you Eternal Life with Me in Paradise. Never blame God for the suffering in the world, for it was caused, in the first instance, by the downfall of the human race, when God's children succumbed to the sin of pride.
Pride is the root of all sin and it is the cause of much of the suffering in the world. Pride leads to every other sin and this then creates division in the world and a lack of justice. Be assured that very soon the world will finally understand the true meaning of the Will of God. By then, the will of man will bow in deference to the Holy Will of My Father. Until that day comes, when man rids himself of pride and humbles himself before the Lord God, the Most High, there can be no end to suffering.
When the world finally accepts the Truth and the Promise made by Me to come again, I will wipe away every tear from your eyes. I will raise the living and the dead in glory and they will reign in great splendor in the New Heaven and the New Earth, when the two will become one in Me. When you endure suffering, be at peace, as it will end soon.
Your Jesus

Satan's strategy is to fool and deceive believers first, before he destroys them
Saturday, November 30th, 2013 @ 15:50

My dearly beloved daughter, how I so love the world. How I pine for every single soul who is lost to Me at this time. I will, I promise, seek out every single person and try to draw them into My Divine Mercy. I desire to make My Presence, My Love and My Compassion known to each one of them. My Tears, at this time, which I reveal to you My little one, are being shed for those who will refuse My Divine Intervention and who will, as a result, plunge headfirst into a vacuum of wicked deceit.
My Passion will now be relived, as My Body will have to face a new scourging when the pagans - who will come with a false façade of peace, love and humility - trample upon My Church, before they crucify it. The wise in spirit will know the Truth. The war will be bitter and the grand prize, sought by Satan's army, will be the souls of all God's children.
The souls of believers will be the first target of Satan and this is where he will focus all his energy. Satan's strategy is to fool and deceive believers first, before he destroys them. The unbelievers are of little interest to Satan, for he has already won over their souls and they present little challenge to him. My Father will not stand to one side and watch this horror, which has been foretold. Every miracle, every call from Heaven and every Intervention will be witnessed as the final battle - the greatest spiritual war of all time - unfolds.
Those who were born with intelligence will be none the wiser to the Truth, for they will analyze the reality of their creation through human logic. Those born with a pure love in their hearts for God will accept the Truth, even if it confuses them, because their hearts belong to God and they will be blessed with the Gift of discernment. Those who fight the Word of God and the Intervention of My Father to save souls and who try to prevent Him from salvaging souls, will be judged harshly.
As the battle for souls continues, you must turn to Me always and ask Me to sustain you, to protect you and to comfort you. When you are with Me, you will endure this terrible desolation with a calmness which will surprise you. But if you cannot trust in Me and surrender to Me completely, you will find these trials, which lie ahead of you in My Church, almost impossible to deal with, so painful will they be.
You must never forget that God is Almighty and that Satan cannot win this war for souls. Sadly, many will not be strong enough in their faith or have the ability to recognise the deceit, which they will have to face in My Name and they will never be able to redeem themselves before Me.
These are the souls, which cause Me such bitter sorrow at this time. Your Jesus

Mother of Salvation: I ask that you now begin the Novena of Salvation
Sunday, December 1st, 2013 @ 16:12

My child, I am the woman clothed with the sun and it is the sun, which represents the Light of God in the world. Without the sun, there is no Light. Without Light, there is no Life. Without God, there is only death.
My role as the Mother of Salvation, where I will assist my Son in this His final Mission, His final Plan to complete His Father's Covenant to bring salvation to every soul, means that I will do all that I can to bring Him the souls He so desires. I wish it to be known that I have been appointed, not only the Queen of Heaven, but Queen over the twelve tribes of Israel. Twelve nations will reign in the New Jerusalem. The twelve stars, on my crown, which were placed upon my head by my beloved Son, Jesus Christ, during my Coronation, signify this prophecy. Each of these stars represents the twelve nations, which will evolve on the Day of Judgment.
All souls, including those who will rise from the dead, as well as those who are alive in the world today and who remain in the Light of God, will make the transition into the New Heaven and the New Earth. They will join as one, in union with my Son, and they will be resurrected into perfect body and soul, just as it was when my Son rose from the dead. This state of perfection is the Greatest Gift from God and proves how merciful He is. This is the salvation, which my Son promised, when he endured His Agony on the Cross. And because of His great Love for humanity, He wishes to save every single soul and, especially, those who are lost to Him.
I now give all of you a special Gift, blessed by my Son, so that all souls will be granted immunity from the fires of Hell and be granted salvation. My Son desires that every soul be saved, no matter how grievous their sin. I ask that you now begin the Novena of Salvation. You must begin this immediately and continue it, as I instruct you to, to the end of time. You must recite this Prayer for a full seven consecutive days during one calendar month, commencing on Mondays, in the morning time. You must recite it three times during each of the seven days and on one of these days you must fast. By fasting you are requested to eat only one main meal during the day and then bread and water only at the other two meal times.
This is the prayer you must say for each of the seven days.

Crusade Prayer (130) Novena of Salvation Crusade Prayer:

My beloved Mother of Salvation, please gain for all souls the Gift of Eternal Salvation through the Mercy of your Son, Jesus Christ. Through your intercession, I plead that you will pray to release all souls from bondage to Satan.
Please ask your Son to show Mercy and forgiveness for those souls who reject Him, hurt Him with their indifference, and who adore false doctrine and false gods.
We beseech you, dear Mother, to beg for the graces to open the hearts of those souls who are most in need of your help. Amen.

My promise to assist my Son, Jesus Christ, in His Plan for humanity is to draw all of you, who recognise my role as Mediatrix of All Graces and Co-Redemptrix, together, so that the whole world can unite as one in union with Jesus Christ, your Saviour and Redeemer.
Go in peace. I will always pray for you, dear children, and I will always respond to your call to redeem mankind in the Eyes of God. Your Mother
Mother of Salvation

I will never walk in the flesh again
Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013 @ 19:45
