---
title: "\"Jesus I am not worthy to stand before You, but do with me what you will as I will do as you desire.\""
date: ""
slug: "jesus-i-am-not-worthy-to-stand-before-you-but-do-with-me-what-you-will-as-i-will-do-as-you-desire"
excerpt: "My dearly beloved daughter, perseverance in suffering brings a soul closer to Me and I reward such trials because of it. Never underestimate how My Presence in a soul goes unnotice"
---

My dearly beloved daughter, perseverance in suffering brings a soul closer to Me and I reward such trials because of it. Never underestimate how My Presence in a soul goes unnoticed by the evil one, who is drawn quickly towards those souls where My Presence is strongest. Accept suffering in My Name and understand that the reason for it is because of Me. Were I not present the evil one would ignore you.
The Graces, which I lavish on those who love Me the most, and who have shelved every aspect of self-love and pride, includes the Gift of discernment. This is a very special Gift from Heaven and blessed are those who have the grace to discern the Truth for they are the ones who will never be swayed by falsities. Those of you who are given this Gift will bring Me souls. But for every soul you bring Me, and because of your prayers and suffering, the evil one will try to stop you. Know that the Glory of God which is present by your side will draw forth a terrible venom and you will be cursed in My Name by those weak souls, who are like fodder for Satan and every demon he has released to destroy souls on earth.
Be at peace and know that when you uphold the Truth - the Word of God - in the face of adversity, all Power of Mine is wielded to save souls. For each soul you bring Me I will lavish more Graces upon you and so it will continue. Heed not the roars of opposition for human opinion means nothing in My Kingdom. You must always see one another as if through My Eyes. Have I not told you this before? Don't you understand the most basic lesson, which I taught during My Time on earth? Love one another as I love you. If you cannot love your enemies then you will find it more difficult to come closer to Me. If you place yourself before others, then you cannot say you love Me unconditionally for if you did you would say to Me

Go all of you and remind yourselves as to Who I Am. Only when you live your lives according to My Teachings can you really say you are of Me. You cannot take one part of My Word and proclaim it loudly and then deny other parts. To those who declare their superiority over others, and who present to their twisted versions of My Word, and when this results in the drawing of souls away from Me, I say this. On the day when I withdraw My Presence in the world, will be when the mighty and the proud will cry tears of anger, and then despair, for they will know then how their deceit caused many souls to fall and the anger of God will make them tremble. There will be screaming and gnashing of teeth. But by then, they will have nowhere to turn. They will have no one to answer to for they will never see My Face.
Your Jesus

They will never prevail against My Church.
Monday, September 1st, 2014 @ 20:05

My dearly beloved daughter, My Spirit is very much present in My Church on earth at this time, as My enemies rise ferociously against it. They may scourge My Body that is My Church; they may pour scorn upon the True Word of God; they may sneer at the Ways of the Lord, but they will never prevail against My Church. My Church consists of those who proclaim the True Word of God and who provide the Sacraments to God's people, as laid down by My Apostles. Only those who remain True to My Teachings, My Word, My Body and the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, as it was dictated by Me, can say they are of My Church. My Church, as it stands now, will be crushed - its buildings pulled down and taken over, My sacred servants thrown onto the streets, where they will have to beg, and the practice of the Sacrifice of the Holy Mass will be abolished. Yet, My Church will remain intact, although it will become a very small remnant of what it once was.
The Holy Spirit of God will guide My Church through the turmoil it will have to face, and so the Truth will survive. Every enemy of Mine will try to destroy My True Church. Then they will replace it with a false one. They will create new scriptures, new sacraments and many other blasphemies in My Holy Name. But, My Church that is My Body and My true followers will remain as one in Holy Union with Me. Then, when it will seem to have been destroyed, burnt to the ground, the embers of My Church will still flicker until the day that I come again. On that day, when My Church, renewed and aglow in great glory, is risen and when the whole world proclaims it to be the one True Church - the New Jerusalem - every good man will drink from her cup. All that was in the beginning will be in the end. All life created by God will be renewed just as it was when Paradise was created for the human race.
My Spirit is alive and it can never die for I Am Eternal Life - the giver of all that man needs, to live a life where death has no place. Always trust in the Power of God when everything you witness in the world may seem unfair, cruel, unjust and, at times, terrifying. My Power will envelop the world and My Love will unite all those with love in their hearts. I will banish all evil and when My Patience has been depleted, I will cast away all My enemies. I Am here. I have not gone away. I guide you now on this thorny path towards My Glorious Kingdom.Once that day comes, when I announce My Second Coming, all tears will be washed away. All sorrow will come to an abrupt end and, in its place will be the love, the peace and the joy that only I, Jesus Christ, can bring you.
Persevere My little ones. Pray, pray, pray so that love can survive in the world and for peace to be brought to all those poor suffering innocents who are scattered around the world in war-torn countries. All of God's children belong to Me and I love every soul, every nation and every sinner. I bring you the Gift of My Crusade Prayers so that by reciting them you will help Me to save as many souls as I can.
Go in peace and love.

Your Jesus

Mother of Salvation: God will never forsake His Own
Tuesday, September 2nd, 2014 @ 15:40

My dear child, you must tell my children that God will never forsake His Own ever, for this could never be. He loves all of His children, no matter how much sorrow they inflict upon His only Son, Jesus Christ.
My protection will cover every soul who proclaims the Word of God and by the Power of God I will crush the head of the serpent in all his guises. I will be the advocate who will reveal the lies, which pour from the mouth of the beast, and the world will witness the illogical lies, which he will spread amongst those who allow themselves to become willing vessels of his, in complete subjugation to his wicked ways. The king of lies will continue to turn souls away from the Truth and he, the deceiver, will never relent until the final hour.
When lies are used to distract people from the True Word of God, I will step in to reveal the Truth. Humanity will have two choices - to remain loyal to the Truth or accept lies as a substitute for it. Confusion will blight the hearts of the vulnerable, the weak and those who do not have the Spirit of God within their souls. Thus the battle for souls will be fought, where people will either believe in lies or the Truth.
I bring great tidings of my Son's Mercy and I am His instrument in the salvation of souls. No soul will be excluded from this Mission of Salvation. You must pray that man will decipher the lies, which are spread by my Son's enemies to distract them from the Truth, the Light and the Love of my Son. Trust in my Son and you will be shown His Great Mercy. Believe in my Son's Promise to come again and you will have Eternal Life. Do not allow lies to deceive you, because if you do you will find it very difficult to remain True to my Son.
Your beloved Mother Mother of Salvation

Satan craves souls, his appetite is voracious and his will relentless.
Thursday, September 4th, 2014 @ 23:03

My dearly beloved daughter, all of the prophecies foretold so very long ago, and given to God's prophets, seers and visionaries, through public as well as private revelations, will now unfold.
The skeptic man will question the authenticity of the Word of God but when he witnesses all that was foretold in the Book of Revelation, he will become silent, because, when these events grip mankind, the only solace he will find is if he seeks Me out. When your heart is full of sorrow, because of the evil acts which are carried out by wicked men against God's children, you will weep tears of anguish. Then you will see how far evil can spread within the souls of those whose hearts are made of stone. When you see how little regard and respect these enemies of God have for human life, you will finally understand how much power the evil one exerts over humanity. In his final hours, Satan who manifests himself in the souls he fills with his putrid ways, will show the world just how intense his hatred is for the human race.
For every excuse given by man to justify evil, the perpetrators of wicked acts will expose the hatred they have within their hearts for God's children. They will carry out evil atrocities in the Name of God and they will have no love in their souls. They breed hatred and most of them do not understand why their hatred for others is so intense. While many people do not believe in the existence of the evil one, you must know now that he is unable to resist revealing himself through those he infests. His vapor spreads until it devours every nation, every weak soul, and powerful leaders, whose love of ambition will render them open to his influence.
You will soon see evil acts taking place in every part of your society, in many nations and in different ways. Satan craves souls, his appetite is voracious and his will relentless. When his hatred is truly manifested within souls, these people will be unable to hide their actions. Only in these situations can many of you really see the evil one for what he really is and that is through the actions of such poor souls who have subjugated themselves to his will.
You must never be complacent when evil acts and deeds, including wars and unrest, erupt in the world. It is then that your prayers are needed the most.
