---
title: "My child, as Christians the world over continue to be persecuted, mocked and sneered, be aware also that they will divid"
date: ""
slug: "my-child-as-christians-the-world-over-continue-to-be-persecuted-mocked-and-sneered-be-aware-also-that-they-will-divid"
excerpt: "My child, as Christians the world over continue to be persecuted, mocked and sneered, be aware also that they will divide amongst themselves. Each one to his own; each to his own d"
---

My child, as Christians the world over continue to be persecuted, mocked and sneered, be aware also that they will divide amongst themselves. Each one to his own; each to his own desire and each to his own interpretation as to what it really means to serve my beloved Son.
While people are frightened by the terror by which Christians have to live their daily lives at the hands of wicked men, they must know that this is but just one form of scourging, which those who proclaim the Word of Jesus have to endure. Every attempt to undermine Christianity is being made by governments, human rights organisations and other powers that claim to promote the welfare of humanity. Humanism will become the substitute for Christianity where no mention of God will be uttered.
Humanism, the rationalism used by the evil one to encourage people to use science to undermine the Divinity of my Eternal Father, will devour the world. On the outside its smooth tones will convince any man, who does not have love in his heart for God, that it is more desirable than the Truth. To convince man that humanism is superior to the Word of God is the ultimate goal of my Son's enemies. Humanism provides a cunning cover for the traitors within my Son's Church who desire to be seen to be loving, caring and vocal about the needs of others. They will preach humanism and all its empty promises from the pulpits in Christian Churches until, virtually, no mention will be made of the importance of salvaging your souls. Sin will be dismissed as being a way to avoid conflict in the world but not recognised as being a real thing.
The greatest deception of all time has descended and soon all of you will find it difficult to remain loyal to the Truth. The Truth brings understanding and a realisation of what it takes to achieve true peace and love in your soul. It means that you will know the Love, as well as the Justice of God. It also means that you will be aware of God's Mercy.
When all mention of sin is eradicated and when my Son's Church no longer refer to the importance of salving your soul, you will know then that the times are upon you and that my Son's Time is close.
