---
title: "Your beloved Mother"
date: ""
slug: "your-beloved-mother"
excerpt: "My dear children, when you serve my Son in this life, it is fraught with difficulties. It is a simple task to follow Him in one way but, when you carry the Gift of the Holy Spirit "
---

My dear children, when you serve my Son in this life, it is fraught with difficulties. It is a simple task to follow Him in one way but, when you carry the Gift of the Holy Spirit within your soul, it will bring down, upon you, the wrath of the evil one and every enemy of my Son. This makes your journey along the Path of Truth extremely hard. At every turn, you will be opposed even if you remain silent in your adoration of my Son.
Many who truly love my Son cannot understand when they are bullied by others, for no obvious reason. Or, when they are falsely accused of wrong- doing. This is because the Holy Spirit is the real Presence of God and, therefore, this will never go unnoticed by the evil one, who will stop at nothing to cause you grief and distress. He, the evil one, will taunt you relentlessly and will do this either directly, or through the souls of those he manages to infest.
All of this pain, which you will not understand, is because of your devotion to Jesus Christ. Just as He endured ridicule, scorn and hatred so, too, will all those who serve Him. When you suffer in His Name on this earth you will, eventually, find lasting peace, love and joy in His Kingdom. Accept the Cross with dignity. Do not complain. Do not engage with those who show hatred towards you, lest your own hearts become filled with the same venom.
Hatred breeds hatred if you respond to it. Love, which comes from God, breeds love. Show love to your enemies; pray for them; pity them. When you do, Satan is powerless against you.

Those who opposed My First Coming refused to accept the Will of God
Friday, October 31st, 2014 @ 18:25

My dearly beloved daughter, My Will is cast in stone and all those who truly love Me, will become entwined within the Divine Will of the Lord. Deny My Will and you cannot become Mine. Rise against Me and I will not allow you to enter My Kingdom, for only those who come to Me, in final surrender of their own free will can truly say that they are of Me. If you are not of Me, how can I win over your ungrateful hearts? Those of you who curse Me; pour scorn on those who uphold My Word; or try to interfere with the Holy Will of God will be thrown into the abyss, when every effort to save you has been exhausted.
When I was born, many of My enemies whose souls were infested by evil spirits, made the life of My Mother very difficult. Those who persecuted her during My Time on earth were unaware, in many cases, as to why they felt such hatred towards her. But suffer she did, in My Name. Those who opposed My First Coming, refused to accept the Will of God, which was to give them freedom from the shackles, which were locked around their ankles and placed there by demons.
I spent much of My Mission on earth casting out evil spirits in the souls of the afflicted, while also enlightening those who were ignorant of the Will of God. Now as I prepare to come again, My Mission will be even more trying this time around. To all of you with hardened hearts, who refuse to listen to Me, I say this. Unless you are truly devoted to me, through a life of prayer and devotion, you will not complete this journey to Eternal Life on your faith alone. You are not blessed with enough insight, or knowledge of My Word, to dismiss My Warning at this time. Why do you pour scorn on Me now? What do you believe will make you worthy to stand before Me, when you ask Me for eternal life? I say to you that your obstinance blinds you to the truth of Divine Revelation, which you are witnessing through these, My Holy Messages for the world.
Ungrateful souls, you are lacking in the knowledge, which was painstakingly given to you in the most Holy Bible. For every lesson you were taught, you have learnt nothing. Your pride and your quest for self-gratification, frustrates Me. Your eyes cannot see and you will, as a result, be unprepared for Me. For every slur you cast upon those who speak the Truth, and who uphold My Holy Word - despite opposition from you -you will have to face Me. I will ask you then to justify your words, your deeds and your actions against Me. You can never say that you are for Me when you fight Me, through My Word, given to you out of the Mercy of God, Who will never tire in His Quest to save your souls.
When you are given the Gift of private revelation you have the right to discern. But, you do not have authority to judge others or harm them, even if they do not come from Me. I, Jesus Christ, have made it known that man does not have the right to judge any soul. If you defy Me, and even if you feel grievance towards false prophets, I will judge you and punish you, just as you punished those you hated. You cannot hate another person in My Name. If you hate another person then you do this in the name of Satan. I will wash away your iniquity only when you come and beg Me to redeem you from such a sin. But many of you will never do this for you have placed yourselves above Me, and for this you will suffer.
Let not one man amongst you declare another soul to be of the evil one for he, Satan, delights in those who are guilty, of making this error. Not one of you is so clean of sin that you can make such a judgment.
He who is of Me and who really knows Me, would never scourge another soul in My Name.
